Update tutorial to focus on deploying Node.js apps (#177)
IBM/zowe-cli-cics-deploy-plugin: docs/pages/cdp/cdp-Deploying-your-first-nodejs-app.md

---
title: Deploying your first Node.js app
tags: [tutorial]
keywords:
summary: "The following steps take you through deploying your first Node.js application to CICS using the Express Application Generator."
sidebar: cdp_sidebar
permalink: cdp-Deploying-your-first-nodejs-app.html
folder: cdp
toc: true
---

### Before you begin

> CICS TS V5.5 introduced support to run Node.js application and is required by this tutorial. If you do not have a CICS TS V5.5 region, use the steps in [Provision a CICS region using z/OS PT](cdp-Provision-a-CICS-region-using-zospt) to provision one, or speak to your CICS system administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CICS TS V5.5 introduced support to run Node.js applications and is required by this tutorial. If you do not have a CICS TS V5.5 region, use the steps in [Provision a CICS region using z/OS PT](cdp-Provision-a-CICS-region-using-zospt) to provision one, or speak to your CICS system administrator.
```

    Replace the value for `--port` with one that is available for use by the CICS region on z/OS. This sets the PORT environment variable in the generated `.profile` file. Additional variables can be set by editing this file.

   ```console
    zowe cics-deploy generate bundle --port 3000 --overwrite
   ```

    The output will show the directories and files created to form a CICS bundle. For example:

    <pre class="messageText">
    define : NODEJSAPP "myexpressapp" with startscript "./bin/www"
    create : nodejsapps
    create : nodejsapps/myexpressapp.nodejsapp
    create : nodejsapps/myexpressapp.profile
    create : .zosattributes
    create : META-INF
    create : META-INF/cics.xml
    CICS Bundle generated with bundleid "myexpressapp"</pre>

5. Deploy the CICS bundle into CICS.

    ```console
    zowe cics-deploy push bundle --name Express --overwrite
    ```

    A progress bar is shown with status messages as the CICS bundle is deployed and the application is started. This can take a few minutes. If there are errors, retry with the `--verbose` option for more detailed output, or refer to [Troubleshooting](cdp-Troubleshooting-General).

>     This will result in a CICS BUNDLE resource named `Express` to be created, installed and enabled in CICS. If the BUNDLE `Express` was ready defined or installed in CICS, it will be undeployed first. As the BUNDLE is enabled, the Node.js application is started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This results in a CICS BUNDLE resource named `Express` to be created, installed and enabled in CICS. If the BUNDLE `Express` was already defined or installed in CICS, it is undeployed first. As the BUNDLE is enabled, the Node.js application is started.
```
